Welcome to Voir.

Voir is a social network for sound, in essence allowing users to
share, discover and listen to music with those of kind. When you sign up to use Voir, you
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. If you do not agree to any of
these terms, DO NOT USE VOIR.

These terms may be updated at any time, and continued use of Voir constitutes
acceptance of the updated terms. We will make sure to update the date of the last
revision at the top of this document to reflect any changes.

Data

In order to use Voir, users must authenticate and sign up via their Apple Music account
which not only allows for a more secure and seamless sign up experience, but also allows
the user access to their Apple Music account. This information includes, but
  is not limited to, the user's Apple account ID, email address, and name.


  Idemnification

    By using Voir, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Voir, and its
    affiliates from any and all claims, damages, losses, and expenses that may arise from
    your use of Voir. This includes, but is not limited to, any claims made by third
    parties due to your use of Voir, your violation of these terms, or your violation of
    any rights of another. This indemnification includes any legal fees that may arise from such claims.

    Liability

    Voir is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. The service (including its
    officers, employees, and affiliates) will not be liable for any damages, including
    direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of your
    use of or inability to use Voir. By using Voir, you agree to assume all risk of using
    the service. In jurisdictions where such disclaimers are not allowed, liability will
    be limited to the smallest extent permitted by law.

    

    Termination

    Voir reserves the right to terminate your access to Voir at any time, without notice,
    for any reason. Voir also reserves the right to modify or discontinue Voir at any time,
    without notice. Voir will not be liable to you or any third party for any termination or
    modification of Voir.

    Governing Law

    These terms are governed by the laws of the State of California. Any disputes arising
    from these terms will be resolved in the state or federal courts of California.

    Contact

    If you have any questions about these terms, please contact us at

        Voir
        1234 Main Street
        San Francisco, CA 94111

    Last updated: 12/1/2018




Apple Music

In order to access and use Voir, an Apple Music subscription is required. To enable a more immersive, seamless style of usage, Voir integrates with the Apple Music API for both music metadata (albums, artists, songs, release dates, artworks) and to allow Apple Music users to effortlessly stream music directly through their already existing Apple Music subscription.

Voir is not affiliated with Apple Music in any way other than through the aforementioned uses of its API through a developer liscence.

To learn more about Apple Music, visit the following link:
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/

Data


Children  Children under the age of 13 are prohibited from using Voir, and when applicable, minors under the age of majority in their respective locales must receive parental consent to use Voir.